ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/fd kind:fpath
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/ripgrep kind:fpath
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/pass kind:fpath
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/rustup kind:fpath

mattmc3/zephyr path:plugins/completion
#mattmc3/zephyr path:plugins/confd
mattmc3/zephyr path:plugins/directory
mattmc3/zephyr path:plugins/editor
mattmc3/zephyr path:plugins/environment
mattmc3/zephyr path:plugins/history
mattmc3/zephyr path:plugins/homebrew
mattmc3/zephyr path:plugins/macos
mattmc3/zephyr path:plugins/prompt
mattmc3/zephyr path:plugins/utility
mattmc3/zephyr path:plugins/zfunctions

ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:lib
#ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/docker
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/docker-compose
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/colored-man-pages
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/pip
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/colorize
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/catimg
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/command-not-found
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/encode64
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/extract
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/fzf
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/git
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/man
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/mosh
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/nmap
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/rsync
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/safe-paste
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/sudo
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/tmux
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/vscode
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/wakeonlan
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/zoxide

zsh-users/zsh-syntax-highlighting
zsh-users/zsh-autosuggestions
zsh-users/zsh-history-substring-search
